Added Visual Studio compilation guide (#1029)
CCExtractor/ccextractor: docs/COMPILATION.MD

Once set up you can run the GUI interface from the terminal `./ccextractorGUI`

## Windows

> Note: Following screenshots and steps are written on basis of visualstudio version: 2017

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Following screenshots and steps are based on Visual Studio 2017, but they should be more or less same for other versions.
```

1.Open `windows/` directory to locate `ccextractor.vcxproj`,  `ccextractorGUI.vcxproj` (blue arrows) and `ccextractor.sln` (red arrow).

![Project Files](img/projectFiles.png)

> 

Reviewer: I know these blank lines don't render in markdown, but why keep them unnecessarily? :)

2.Accept the security prompt (if any), to proceed with compilation.
![A warning you can receive](img/Warning.png)

3.Using Visual Studio (2015 or above), open ccextractor.sln. This will build both CCExtractor and its GUI. To build them separately, open the respective .vcxproj file.

> 

Reviewer: Extra new line.

## Windows

**Using Visual Studio**

> 

Reviewer 2: Place a note: Following screenshots and steps are written on basis of visualstudio version: ???

Reviewer 2: `Place a note` was instruction for you, in document you may write Note:
ALso instead of ??? you have to fill your visual studio version

#### Here you can see two files .vcxproj(marked with blue arrows) and one .sln project(marked with a red arrow)

> Open `windows/` directory to locate `ccextractor.vcxproj`,  `ccextractorGUI.vcxproj` (blue arrows) and `ccextractor.sln` (red arrow).

Reviewer 2: you can also place numbering to all steps eg: 
 1. do blah
 2. do something
